## Introduction
An e-commerce platform is an application which acts as a trading bridge between merchants and purchasers. With the rapid development of Internet and e-commerce technology, online shopping has become an important part of people’s daily life. In recent years, the number of e-commerce online customers in various regions of the world has increased significantly. There are more than three million companies worldwide engaged in e-commerce[1], including Amazon, eBay, Alibaba, Bol and Walmart. There are also many festivals around the world which cause peaks in e-commerce, such as Singles’ Day, Black Friday, Cyber Monday, or the Christmas Sales. For example, Last year an estimated half a billion shoppers bought more than 268 billion yuan ($38 billion) worth of goods on Alibaba’s platforms during the event[2].
Internet electronic payment is an indispensable part of e-commerce transactions. Customers select products from the merchant via the Internet and purchase with an electronic payment. Credit or debit cards are accepted by most e-commerce platforms. We take a MasterCard payment as an example. There are several steps that must be undertaken to complete a payment, including authorization, clearing and settlement. The processes involve a customer, an e-commerce platform, a customer’s bank, the MasterCard company or MasterCard system, a MasterCard settlement bank, a merchant’s bank, and result in nearly 20 transactions or messages being exchanged among these participants[3].
E-Commerce has the following three main features and we take Amazon.com as an example. (1) High transaction frequency. Amazon has an average 50 sales/second and had 2.2 billion sales
